Installing/Running the NFC Server

Unfortunately, there is not yet any very simple
"configure/make/make-install" way of installing NFC.  However, if you
have the JDK1.2 (aka "The Java 2 Platform") installed and you are on a
unix-like operating system, installation is easy.

Prerequisites:
o JDK1.2.x - absolutely needed to run the server.  
o Bourne shell (/bin/sh) - needed for the scripts to work
o Make - needed to compile

Optional:
o JDK1.0.2 - if you have this old JDK, you can set the Makefile to use
  it when compiling the client.  This ensures that the client is
  compatible with Java 1.0.2.  We maintain compatability with this
  ancient Java version because it is the only version that can reliably
  be run in most web browsers.

STEP 1:
Edit the Makefile.  Ensure that JAVAC, JAVA10C, JAVA10CP, JAR, and
JAVADOC are all set and pointing to the correct place.  There are
comments in the Makefile that explain each variable.

STEP 2:
Build the jars by typing 'make'.  If the Makefile is in proper shape
you will have ended up with 3 jar files in the lib directory.

STEP 3:
Edit the setenv.sh bootstrap script.  The setenv.sh script can be
found in the bin directory.  Just ensure that JAVA_HOME points to the
top-level directory of your __JDK1.2__ installation.

STEP 4 (optional):
Edit the nfc.conf file, found in the adm directory.  The most
important thing here is that the auth class is set.  The
'PasswdAuthenticator' is used per default.  Optionally, you may use
the 'JdbcAuthenticator' to authenticate users via a database.
In addition, you can set the log and error log paths.  If these are
commented, NFC will log messages to stdout and errors to stderr.

STEP 5:
Run the the server.  Assuming everything is set up correctly, you can
now kick off the server using the runServer script (in the bin
directory).  It requires one command line argument: a port number to
listen on.  E.g.,
$ ./bin/runServer 8199 &

The log should tell you whether or not NFC has started properly.



